docs: add Qwen3.5 model guide and model-family hub (#2900)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/guides/models/qwen/index.md

# Qwen

This is the landing page for Qwen model guidance in NeMo RL. It links to
version-specific subpages and points to the recipes and known issues for each
supported variant.

For the full list of supported Qwen models, see
[Model Support](../../../about/model-support.md).

## Version Guides

- **[Qwen3.5](qwen3-5.md)** — LLM and VLM recipes for `Qwen3.5-9B-Base`,
  `Qwen3.5-35B-A3B-Base`, and `Qwen3.5-397B-A17B` on the Megatron and AutoModel

>   backends. Covers backend/parallelism support, example recipes, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  backends. This guide covers backend and parallelism support, example recipes, and the
```

  `flash-linear-attention` performance requirement.

Subpages for other Qwen versions are added as distinct, recipe-backed guidance

> accumulates. Until then, the GRPO, evaluation, and recipe YAMLs remain the source of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accumulates. Until then, the GRPO, evaluation, and recipe YAML files remain the source of
```
